
Problems on April 11th 2026:

- The output syntax differs from the input syntax. The output syntax
  is the right one. Fix the parser.

- Indexing into formulas in the sequent is messed up.
  The user can use ssize_t, while internally size_t is used.
  The idea was to allow the user to index from the end, Python style. 
  This idea is good in principle, 
  but indices by the user should be a separate class 
  that does not implicitly convert to size_t. 
  The at( ) methods should use size_t. 
  Once we have a separate class, one can look into even nicer 
  types of indexing, like for example 'last universal formula'.
  This problem is with a separate label class on 2026.05.23.

- Currently, local definitions are stored separately in a sequent.
  This is a bad design.
  The class logic::context should be modified to hold
  definitions. I didn't do this from the beginning, because
  I thought it was necessarily ugly, but the way it is done
  in sequent (using a separate map for the values) is actually elegant.
  The only problems is that it should be done in the context itself. 
  (fixed this, 2026.05.21)

- Flattening has a problem. It is supposed to try both DNF and CNF,
  whichever succeeds, but it doesn't always notice when it succeeds.
  It checks that the result is not trivial (No quantifier, singleton
  propositional operator), but non-triviality does not detect all succesful 
  simplifications. For example, 
  ( ( A & B ) | FALSE ) gets simplified (by DNF) into ( A & B ),
  which is still trivial. 
  Another one would be ( A | B ) & PROP( t = t ). 
  The CNF would be ( A | B ) which is simpler but still trivial. 
  (I fixed this problem.)

- The theorem lookup mechanism used by import, should be moved to
  logic::structural. I think that I fixed this on
  2026.05.21. 

- I believe that expandlocal is not correctly implemented.
  It should use the De Bruijn index of sequent, as with all local
  variables. (It is fixed).

- I designed a great error reporting mechanism, which unfortunately
  is used almost nowhere. I should gradually start using it.
  Also, more systematic testing of some of the rules is needed.
  (Gradually being fixed.)

- Consider extending simplifying resolution to making it size based?
  Also, resolve existential quantifiers with universal?

For the rest, I think that the calculus itself is nice and meeting its 
goals. I also think that the automatic saturation procedure works great. 
If I manage to go down to one proof step per minute, proving should
become acceptable. 

Using a display calculus, many steps (introduction and elimination steps),
go away. They are not proof steps any more.

You will not need to enter an existenetial quantifier in order to close it.

Merge and introducing disappears:
Try to prove exists x. p(x) | q(x) -> exists x. p(x) | exists x.p(x)

You lose your way in sequent proofs.

